View style creating new booker constructor and beggining of modal view (#8)
clearvis-io/clearvisio-appointment-booker: README.md

* **calendarRange**: Allows different options for the day selection at the appoinment interface.
  * When it is set to `fiveDays` the day selection modul will only appear as five days and you can turn pages for more opportunities.
  * When set to `month` the actual month will appear as a calendar and you can chose the prefferd day in there.

> * **style**: Determens the appearenc of the appointment booker. When set to `fullscreen` the boooker will appear in fullsreen mode, in `modal-view` mode the booker will appear as a modal with the page dimmed in the backround. In `embedded` mode the content of the booker will appear embeded in the page, and in `embeddedSafe` mode the booker will be embeded in the page but wont use the style sheet of the page. When in `embeddedSafe` mode you can also declacer a `parentElement` attribute, and the booker will embed itself inside the given `parentElement`.

Author: ```suggestion
* **style**: Determines the appearence of the appointment booker. When set to `fullscreen` the booker will appear in fullsreen mode, in `modal-view` mode the booker will appear as a modal with the page dimmed in the background. In `embedded` mode the content of the booker will appear embeded in the page, and in `embeddedSafe` mode the booker will be embeded in the page but wont use the style sheet of the page. When in `embeddedSafe` mode you can also declare a `parentElement` attribute, and the booker will embed itself inside the given `parentElement`.
```
